README.md, before:

# Kubernetes

[![GoDoc Widget]][GoDoc] [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/569/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/569)

<img src="https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/raw/master/logo/logo.png" width="100">

----

Kubernetes is an open source system for managing [containerized applications]
across multiple hosts. It provides basic mechanisms for deployment, maintenance,
and scaling of applications.

Kubernetes builds upon a decade and a half of experience at Google running
production workloads at scale using a system called [Borg],
combined with best-of-breed ideas and practices from the community.

Kubernetes is hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation ([CNCF]).
If your company wants to help shape the evolution of
technologies that are container-packaged, dynamically scheduled,
and microservices-oriented, consider joining the CNCF.
For details about who's involved and how Kubernetes plays a role,
read the CNCF [announcement].

----

## To start using Kubernetes

See our documentation on [kubernetes.io].

Try our [interactive tutorial].

Take a free course on [Scalable Microservices with Kubernetes].

To use Kubernetes code as a library in other applications, see the [list of published components](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/README.md).
Use of the `k8s.io/kubernetes` module or `k8s.io/kubernetes/...` packages as libraries is not supported.

## To start developing Kubernetes

The [community repository] hosts all information about
building Kubernetes from source, how to contribute code
and documentation, who to contact about what, etc.

If you want to build Kubernetes right away there are two options:

##### You have a working [Go environment].

```
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/k8s.io
cd $GOPATH/src/k8s.io
git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes
cd kubernetes
make
```

##### You have a working [Docker environment].

```
git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes
cd kubernetes
make quick-release
```

For the full story, head over to the [developer's documentation].

## Support

If you need support, start with the [troubleshooting guide],
and work your way through the process that we've outlined.

That said, if you have questions, reach out to us
[one way or another][communication].

[announcement]: https://cncf.io/news/announcement/2015/07/new-cloud-native-computing-foundation-drive-alignment-among-container
[Borg]: https://research.google.com/pubs/pub43438.html
[CNCF]: https://www.cncf.io/about
[communication]: https://git.k8s.io/community/communication
[community repository]: https://git.k8s.io/community
[containerized applications]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/
[developer's documentation]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel#readme
[Docker environment]: https://docs.docker.com/engine
[Go environment]: https://golang.org/doc/install
[GoDoc]: https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes
[GoDoc Widget]: https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes?status.svg
[interactive tutorial]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics
[kubernetes.io]: https://kubernetes.io
[Scalable Microservices with Kubernetes]: https://www.udacity.com/course/scalable-microservices-with-kubernetes--ud615
[troubleshooting guide]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/troubleshooting/

[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/README.md?pixel)]()

Commit message:

Update README to note that this is a fork

README.md, after:

This is the Igneous fork of Kubernetes. This repo contains features we've
backported as well as customizations that are not (yet) upstream. We vendor
this repo into our product codebase and in that repo link in our equivalent
replacements for etcd, the apiserver, and other minor components. We provide
no support for this repo.

You can find the official project at [kubernetes.io].

# Kubernetes

[![GoDoc Widget]][GoDoc] [![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/569/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/569)

<img src="https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/raw/master/logo/logo.png" width="100">

----

Kubernetes is an open source system for managing [containerized applications]
across multiple hosts. It provides basic mechanisms for deployment, maintenance,
and scaling of applications.

Kubernetes builds upon a decade and a half of experience at Google running
production workloads at scale using a system called [Borg],
combined with best-of-breed ideas and practices from the community.

Kubernetes is hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation ([CNCF]).
If your company wants to help shape the evolution of
technologies that are container-packaged, dynamically scheduled,
and microservices-oriented, consider joining the CNCF.
For details about who's involved and how Kubernetes plays a role,
read the CNCF [announcement].

----

## To start using Kubernetes

See our documentation on [kubernetes.io].

Try our [interactive tutorial].

Take a free course on [Scalable Microservices with Kubernetes].

To use Kubernetes code as a library in other applications, see the [list of published components](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/README.md).
Use of the `k8s.io/kubernetes` module or `k8s.io/kubernetes/...` packages as libraries is not supported.

## To start developing Kubernetes

The [community repository] hosts all information about
building Kubernetes from source, how to contribute code
and documentation, who to contact about what, etc.

If you want to build Kubernetes right away there are two options:

##### You have a working [Go environment].

```
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/k8s.io
cd $GOPATH/src/k8s.io
git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes
cd kubernetes
make
```

##### You have a working [Docker environment].

```
git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes
cd kubernetes
make quick-release
```

For the full story, head over to the [developer's documentation].

## Support

If you need support, start with the [troubleshooting guide],
and work your way through the process that we've outlined.

That said, if you have questions, reach out to us
[one way or another][communication].

[announcement]: https://cncf.io/news/announcement/2015/07/new-cloud-native-computing-foundation-drive-alignment-among-container
[Borg]: https://research.google.com/pubs/pub43438.html
[CNCF]: https://www.cncf.io/about
[communication]: https://git.k8s.io/community/communication
[community repository]: https://git.k8s.io/community
[containerized applications]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes/
[developer's documentation]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel#readme
[Docker environment]: https://docs.docker.com/engine
[Go environment]: https://golang.org/doc/install
[GoDoc]: https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes
[GoDoc Widget]: https://godoc.org/k8s.io/kubernetes?status.svg
[interactive tutorial]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics
[kubernetes.io]: https://kubernetes.io
[Scalable Microservices with Kubernetes]: https://www.udacity.com/course/scalable-microservices-with-kubernetes--ud615
[troubleshooting guide]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/troubleshooting/

[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/README.md?pixel)]()
